Created a docker-compose file for development purpose (#1644)
solid/node-solid-server: README.md

### Development usage

> If you want to use Docker in development, you can build and run the image locally with either docker-compose:

Reviewer: Colon is not correct here. M-dash is.
```suggestion
If you want to use Docker in development, you can build and run the image locally with either docker-compose —
```

Author: Ok. I replaced colon by M-dash. Please, check it's ok now. Tks.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/solid/node-solid-server
cd node-solid-server
docker-compose up -d
```

> or these manual commands:

Reviewer: M-dash leading into continued text is correct.  Closing colon is also not correct; M-dash is again.
```suggestion
— or these manual commands —
```

> If you want to use Docker in development, then you can build it locally with:
> 
> Using docker-compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Docker in development, you can build the image
locally with either docker-compose —
```

Author: Hi @TallTed.

Text adjusted. Thanks!

```bash
git clone https://github.com/solid/node-solid-server
cd node-solid-server
docker-compose up -d
```

> or build image manually and run it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
— or these manual commands —
```

Author: Hi @TallTed.

Text adjusted. Thanks!
